Ticker: PRU
Company: PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL INC
Filed: 2026-04-21
Type: PRESS_RELEASE
Source: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1137774/000119312526166839/d143575dex991.htm

EX-99.1
 2
 d143575dex991.htm
 EX-99.1
 
 
 EX-99.1 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 99.1 
 

 
 PRUDENTIAL OF JAPAN EXTENDS VOLUNTARY SALES SUSPENSION BY AN ADDITIONAL 180 DAYS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Voluntary extension reflects the time required for the operational, governance, organizational, and related
changes necessary for POJ to resume sales 
 
 
 
 
 
 Extended suspension enables advancement of changes to certain critical aspects of POJ s legacy
management system and agency operating model 
 
 
 
 
 
 Support for existing POJ customers and servicing of in-force policies
remain unaffected 
 
 
 
 
 
 Prudential Financial s Chairman & CEO and CFO will host a conference call with
the investment community today at 5:30 p.m. ET to discuss this extension, the estimated financial impacts, and the path forward 
 TOKYO, JAPAN/NEWARK, N.J., April 21, 2026 The Prudential Life Insurance Company, Ltd. ( Prudential of Japan or
 POJ ) and its parent company, Prudential Financial, Inc. ( NYSE: PRU ) ( Prudential Financial ), announced today a decision to voluntarily extend the suspension of new sales activity at Prudential of Japan by an
additional 180 days. The extension follows the 90-day voluntary sales suspension that began on February 9,
2026, and reflects Prudential s conclusion that the scope and complexity of the required changes within POJ are greater than previously anticipated and will take additional time to design and implement. These include the operational,
governance, organizational, and related changes necessary to resume sales. Prudential also initiated an independent, third-party review of POJ s management system earlier this year as part of its governance process. That review is ongoing and
is expected to take several months to complete. I apologize to our customers for the disruption this situation has caused and for falling short of
the expectations we expect of ourselves, said Hiromitsu Tokumaru, president and chief executive officer of Prudential of Japan . Acting in the best interests of our customers is a core value of Prudential and a cornerstone of
what we stand for. We are determined to rebuild the trust of our customers through the demonstration of our commitment to customer care, experience, and integrity that best defines us. 
 During the extended suspension period, POJ will continue advancing refor[ms across key areas, including compensation and evaluation systems, sales activity
conduct management, head office and sales branch governance, and other actions designed to prevent reoccurrence of any misconduct and strengthen accountability. The extended suspension will also help enable POJ to transform the captive Life Planner
model to better align incentives and decision-making with customer interests. The suspension applies only to new sales and does not affect existing policyholders or in-force policy servicing. 
 Our highest priority is restoring the trust we have built over decades with customers and society in Japan, said Brad Hearn, president and
chief executive officer of Prudential Holdings of Japan . This extension is a deliberate decision to prioritize the changes needed to critical elements of POJ s business model to support long-term consumer outcomes. POJ has strong
capabilities, a well-established brand, and a long-standing presence in Japan. We believe the business will emerge better positioned to serve customers in this market. 
 

 
 

 
 Prudential of Japan remains financially sound and able to meet its obligations. Japan continues to be a core
component of Prudential Financial s global footprint, and the parent company is providing full support and resources as these reforms advance. The voluntary suspension does not apply to Prudential Financial s or PGIM s other
business units in Japan, including Gibraltar Life and Prudential Gibraltar Financial Life. As we said earlier this year, we would not resume new
sales until we were comfortable that POJ s compliance and oversight environment supports doing so, said Andy Sullivan, chairman and chief executive officer of Prudential Financial . We have moved decisively to strengthen
enterprise-level engagement in Japan, and my leadership team and I are ensuring that the changes underway are comprehensive, durable, and fully aligned with our group-wide standards. I am confident that we will return POJ to the market as a
stronger, more resilient business with a modernized operating model that supports our customers over the long term. Prudential Financial s
Chairman & CEO and CFO will host a conference call on Tuesday, April 21 at 5:30 p.m. ET to discuss this announcement in more detail. The conference call will be broadcast live over the company s Investor Relations website at
 investor.prudential.com . Please log on 15 minutes prior to the start of the call in the event necessary software needs to be downloaded. Institutional investors, analysts, and other interested parties are invited to listen to the call by
dialing one of the following numbers: (877) 407-8293 (domestic) or (201) 689-8349 (international). A replay will also be available on the Investor Relations website
through May 5. To access a replay via phone starting at 10:00 p.m. ET on April 21 through May 5, dial (877) 660-6853 (domestic) or (201) 612-7415 
(international) and use replay code 13759963. About Prudential Financial 
 Prudential Financial, Inc. ( NYSE: PRU ), a global financial services leader and premier active global investment manager with approximately $1.6 trillion
in assets under management as of December 31, 2025, has operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. Prudential s diverse and talented employees help make lives better and create financial opportunity for more people
by expanding access to investing, insurance, and retirement security. Prudential s iconic Rock symbol has stood for strength, stability, expertise, and innovation for over 150 years. For more information, please visit
 news.prudential.com . Forward-Looking Statements 
 Certain of the statements included in this release, including those regarding the expected duration of the new sales suspension in Japan and the remedial steps
we intend to implement, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as expects, believes, anticipates, 
 includes, plans, assumes, estimates, projects, intends, should, will, shall or variations of such words are generally part
of forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are made based on management s current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects upon Prudential Financial, Inc. and its subsidiaries.
Prudential Financial, Inc. s actual results may differ, possibly materially, from expectations or estimates reflected in such forward-looking statements. Certain important factors that could cause actual results to differ, possibly materially,
from expectations or estimates reflected in such forward-looking statements include, among others: that our remediation efforts may be unsuccessful or take longer than we expect, that we may uncover additional misconduct, that the sales suspension
may continue for longer than we expect; losses on investments or financial contracts due to deterioration in credit quality or value, or counterparty default; losses on insurance products due to mortality experience, morbidity experience or
policyholder behavior experience that differs significantly from our expectations when we price our products; and uncertainty regarding remediation of the matters discussed herein. Additional factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ can be found in the Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements sections included in Prudential Financial, Inc. s Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q. The forward-looking statements herein are subject to the risk, among others, that we will be unable to execute our strategy because of market or competitive conditions or other factors.
Prudential Financial, Inc. does not undertake to update any particular forward-looking statement included in this document. 
 Page 2 

 

 
 

 
 Prudential Media Contact: Ashley Pope; ashley.pope@prudential.com 
 Prudential Investor Contact: Tina Madon; investor.relations@prudential.com 
 

 
 
 Page 3