Company: Salesforce, Inc.
Filed: 2026-03-16
Type: PRESS_RELEASE
Source: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1108524/000119312526107403/d887663dex991.htm

EX-99.1
 2
 d887663dex991.htm
 EX-99.1
 
 
 EX-99.1 
 
 

 
 Exhibit 99.1 
 Salesforce Commences Largest-Ever $25 Billion Accelerated Share Repurchase 
 The historic transaction underscores leadership s confidence in the company s position in the Agentic Era and commitment to
driving shareholder value SAN FRANCISCO—March 16, 2026 —Salesforce (NYSE: CRM), the world s #1 AI CRM, today commenced the
prepayment and initial delivery of approximately 103 million shares under its previously announced $25 billion accelerated share repurchase ( ASR ) agreements that it entered into on March 11, 2026 with certain
financial institutions. This transaction, the largest ASR in history, represents the immediate execution of half of the $50 billion aggregate Share Repurchase Program authorized by Salesforce s Board of Directors in February 2026. 
 We are aggressively repurchasing shares because we are so confident in the future of Salesforce, said Marc Benioff, Chair and CEO of Salesforce.
 This $25 billion ASR reflects our increased conviction in the durability of our growth and cash flow trajectory, said Robin
Washington, President and Chief Operating and Financial Officer of Salesforce. Transaction Details 
 Salesforce has entered into ASR agreements with Banco Santander, S.A., Bank of America, N.A., Citibank, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, and
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, with J. Wood Capital Advisors LLC serving as an advisor. The initial delivery of 103 million shares represents
approximately 80% of the total shares anticipated to be repurchased, based on the closing price of Salesforce s common stock on March 11, 2026. The final number of shares to be repurchased will be determined generally by the
volume-weighted average price of Salesforce s common stock during the term of the transaction, less a discount and subject to adjustments. Final settlement is expected to occur in the third or fourth quarter of Salesforce s FY27. 
 This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall it constitute an offer, solicitation
or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is unlawful. Forward-Looking Statements 
 This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, but not limited to, statements about the number of shares to be repurchased under the ASR agreements, the timing
and manner of the final settlement under the ASR agreements and the potential utilization of the remaining $25 billion repurchase authorization from Salesforce s Board of Directors. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks,
uncertainties, 
 

 
 

 
 
and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations. These risks, uncertainties, and factors include those discussed in our most recent Annual
Report on Form 10-K, including in the Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections included therein, as may
be updated from time to time in our filings with the SEC. Salesforce does not undertake any obligation to update or revise its forward-looking statements except as required by law or regulation. 
 About Salesforce Salesforce helps organizations of any
size become agentic enterprises — integrating humans, agents, apps, and data on a trusted, unified platform to unlock unprecedented growth and innovation. Visit www.salesforce.com for more information. 
 Mike Spencer Salesforce 
 Investor Relations 
 investor@salesforce.com Carolyn
Guss Salesforce Public
Relations pr@salesforce.com